docs: add edge CLI command updates (#2703)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/edgeforge-workflow/palette-canvos/build-artifacts.md

    export PROFILE_ID=[USE-YOUR-PROFILE-ID_HERE]
    ```

14. (Optional) If your cluster profile uses images or helm charts that are hosted on private registries that require
    authentication, you must provide a JSON file that contains the necessary credentials to access the registry.

    <Tabs>

    <TabItem value="helm" label="Helm">

    For authenticated access to Helm charts, your must provide credentials with the following schema. Use a key at the

>     root level of the JSON object named "helm" and set its value to a list. The list is a list of credentials for each
>     Helm chart repository. For each set of credentials, use an object in the list with the keys "endpoint", "username",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    root level of the JSON object named "helm" and set its value to a list. The list should include objects with credentials for each
    Helm chart repository. For each set of credentials, use an object in the list with the keys "endpoint", "username",
```

Reviewer: Maybe? Because a list is a list sounds a bit convoluted 👀

>     Helm chart repository. For each set of credentials, use an object in the list with the keys "endpoint", "username",
>     and "password".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Helm chart repository. For each set of credentials, use an object in the list with the keys `endpoint`, `username`, and
    `password`.
```

    ```json
    {
      "helm": [
          {
            "endpoint": <Registry URL>,
            "username": <Registry username>,
            "password": <Password>
          }
      ]
    }
    ```

    For example, the following JSON code is a valid set of credentials.

    ```json
    {
      "helm": [
        {
          "endpoint": "harbor.abcd.com",
          "username": "admin",
          "password": "xxxxxxxx"
        }
      ]
    }
    ```

    </TabItem>

    <TabItem value="image" label="Image">

    For image registries, you must provide credentials with the following schema. Provide a key at the root level of the

>     JSON object named "image" and set its value to a list. The list is a list of credentials for each Helm chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    JSON object named "image" and set its value to a list. The list should include objects with credentials for each Helm chart
```

>     repository. For each set of credentials, use an object in the list with the keys "endpoint", "username", and
>     "password".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    repository. For each set of credentials, use an object in the list with the keys `endpoint`, `username`, and
    `password`.
```

    ```json
    {
      "image": [
          {
            "endpoint": <Registry URL>,
            "username": <Registry username>,
            "password": <Password>
          }
      ]
    }
    ```

    For example, the following JSON code provides access to two registries `ttl.sh` and `docker.io` with two
    username-password pairs.

    ```json
    {
      "image": [
        {
          "endpoint": "ttl.sh",
          "username": "admin",
          "password": "Welc0me!123"
        },
        {
          "endpoint": "docker.io",
          "username": "akhileshpvt",
          "password": "Lucent122333!"
        }
      ]
    }
    ```

    For Google Container Registry (GCR) access, you need to set the username field to `"_json_key"` and set the password

>     to an JSON object containing the following fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to a JSON object containing the following fields.
```

Reviewer: I read JSON as JEYSON, so to me "a" feels more appropriate

            "client_email": "xxx.iam.gserviceaccount.com",
            "client_id": "115830xxxxxxx340453",
            "auth_uri": "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/auth",
            "token_uri": "https://oauth2.googleapis.com/token",
            "auth_provider_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs",
            "client_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/robot/v1/metadata/x509/spectro-images-viewer%40spectro-images.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
          }
        }
      ]
    }
    ```

    </TabItem>

    </Tabs>

    After creating the file, use the `-cred-file-path filepath` flag to include the credentials in the command.

15. Issue the command below to create the content bundle. The `build` command uses the following flags:

    | **Command Flag**        | **Value**                                                                                                                                          |
    | ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

>     | `--api-key`             | Spectro Cloud API key                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `--api-key`             | Spectro Cloud API key.                                                                                                                              |
```

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be Palette API key? Or is there a separate thing that we call Spectro Cloud API key?

>     | `--project-id`          | Palette project ID                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `--project-id`          | Palette project ID.                                                                                                                                 |
```

    | `--cluster-profile-ids` | Cluster profile IDs. If you want to include multiple cluster profiles in the content bundle, add multiple cluster profile IDs separated by commas. |

>     | `--palette-endpoint`    | Palette API endpoint. The default Palette API endpoint is `api.spectrocloud.com`                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `--palette-endpoint`    | Palette API endpoint. The default Palette API endpoint is `api.spectrocloud.com`.                                                                   |
```

    --project-id $PROJECT_ID \
    --cluster-profile-ids $PROFILE_ID \
    --palette-endpoint api.spectrocloud.com \
    --outfile <bundle-name>.tar \
    --include-palette-content \
    ```

> 16. Use the command below to list all files in the current directory to verify that you created the content bundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
16. Use the following command to list all files in the current directory to verify that you created the content bundle
```
